Update print instructions in README.md (#12)
aon3d/covid-face-shield: README.md

- Wash your hands before removing prints
- Wipe down tools with IPA before using them to remove prints
- Wear a mask while handling prints

> - Touch points on printers (anywhere you might touch the machine) are wiped down regularly with IPA every 4h (e.g., twice a shift)

Reviewer: Why remove this?

> - Touch points on printers (anywhere you might touch the machine) are wiped down regularly with IPA every 4h (e.g., twice a shift)

Reviewer: Why remove this?

Author: I did not recall removing this nor edited the ''handling'' section... What could have happened?

Author: @nnadeau any idea ?

Reviewer 2: It was Nic's commit here: https://github.com/aon3d/covid-face-shield/pull/12/commits/7848c8cfe22aca8b0f156060050f3739aff7385d 

You didn't do it!

- Material Safety Data Sheets ([English](docs/msds-en.md) and [French](docs/msds-fr.md)) are available
- [Assembly instructions](docs/assembly.md)

> ## Printing Instructions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Printing Instructions

```

linebreak between heading and paragraph for markdown

> Theses printing instruction are meant for printing on a AON-M2 or an AON-M2-2020.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The following instructions are intended for printing using the AON-M2 or an AON-M2-2020.
```

> ### Printer Preparation

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Printer Preparation

```

linebreak between heading and paragraph for markdown

> 1. Install a 0.6 mm nozzle heater block assembly. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/replace_hba/). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

1. Install a 0.6 mm nozzle heater block assembly. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/replace_hba/). 
```

> 2. Install the aluminum build plate. Ensure that the Kapton tape is in good condition on all the surfaces. (If not, follow [this procedure](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/kapton_application/)to replace it. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install the aluminum build plate. Ensure that the Kapton tape is in good condition on all the surfaces. (If not, follow [this procedure](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/kapton_application/) to replace it. 
```

> 3. Clean the surface with IPA (isopropyl alcohol) 70% concentration minimum.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Clean the surface with IPA (isopropyl alcohol), minimum concentration of 70% for disinfection purposes.
```

4. Load ABS in the 0.6 mm toolhead you want to use. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/operation/material_switch/).
5. Preheat the machine to the following temperatures:

| Component  | Temperature |  
|:----------:|:-----------:|
| Extruder   | 250°C       |  
| Build platform  | 105°C  | 

> | Chamber    | 60°C        | 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Chamber    | 60°C        | 

```

> 6. Once the chamber has reached thermal equilibrium, initiate the probing sequence on the entire bed  and set the Z offset. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/calibration/z_calibration/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

6. Once the chamber has reached thermal equilibrium, initiate the probing sequence on the entire bed  and set the Z offset. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/calibration/z_calibration/).
```

### Frame Printing

> We have included two generated G-codes that are ready to upload in your machine for you to start to print as soon as possible. They are intended to be used with ABS on a 0.6 mm nozzle. One of the G-code is for T0 (left toolhead), the other one is for T1 (right toolhead).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have included two generated G-code files that are ready for use on the AON-M2 and AON-M2-2020.
They are intended for use with ABS and a 0.6 mm nozzle.
One G-code file is specific for printing with T0 (left toolhead) and the other is for use with T1 (right toolhead).
```

> If you wish to modify the files, we also included the factory files to use with Simplify 3D. However, our settings have been tested and any modification can cause print defects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you wish to modify the files, the original factory files for use with Simplify 3D have been included.
However, the specified settings have been tested and any modification may cause print defects.
```

> Each print will get you 5 face shield frames. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each print will yield 5 face shield frames. 
```

Plan 112g of ABS filament and 2 hours of print time per print.

> ### Frame Removal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Frame Removal

```

How to remove the part from the build platform. It is suggested to proceed as if you were diagnosed with the virus and were very cautious about not transmitting it.

- Wear a mask.
- Wear latex gloves, sanitize your hands with IPA.
- Sanitize the printer’s door and screen with IPA.
- Sanitize a spatula scraper with IPA.
- Lower the bed and move the toolhead so you can access the parts easily. **The parts and machines might be hot!**
- Remove the skirt (single outline of material).
- With the scraper, carefully detach the extremity of the face shield frame. This will initiate the rest of the removal. Gently detach the part by placing the scraper under the part.

> - Place the parts in a sanitized bag for storage.

Reviewer 2: This section is a bit of a duplicate of what is written [here](https://github.com/aon3d/covid-face-shield/pull/12/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R73). Perhaps an edit or two to make it more specific, or migrate the handling procedures down here.

Author: done in : 0d407b5
https://github.com/aon3d/covid-face-shield/pull/12/commits/0d407b5170eecbc5f6190cfadee4c6f8afad5ad7

- Material Safety Data Sheets ([English](docs/msds-en.md) and [French](docs/msds-fr.md)) are available
- [Assembly instructions](docs/assembly.md)

## Printing Instructions

> The following instructions are intended for printing using the AON-M2 or an AON-M2-2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions are intended for printing using the AON-M2 or AON-M2 2020.
```

### Printer Preparation

1. Install a 0.6 mm nozzle heater block assembly. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/replace_hba/). 
2. Install the aluminum build plate. Ensure that the Kapton tape is in good condition on all the surfaces. (If not, follow [this procedure](https://docs.aon3d.com/maintenance/kapton_application/) to replace it. 

> 3. Clean the surface with IPA (isopropyl alcohol), minimum concentration of 70% for disinfection purposes.

Reviewer: Apply Dimafix or hairspray as well - ABS doesn't stick well enough to clean Kapton without brims. We don't want to use brims so we don't have to post-process

Author: Noted! It will be in the next version.

4. Load ABS in the 0.6 mm toolhead you want to use. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/operation/material_switch/).
5. Preheat the machine to the following temperatures:

| Component  | Temperature |  
|:----------:|:-----------:|

> | Extruder   | 250°C       |  

Reviewer: Don't preheat the hot end yet

Author: Removed the extruder line in the table

| Build platform  | 105°C  | 
| Chamber    | 60°C        | 

> 6. Once the chamber has reached thermal equilibrium, initiate the probing sequence on the entire bed  and set the Z offset. Instructions [here](https://docs.aon3d.com/calibration/z_calibration/).

Reviewer: Use these probe bounds:
Left: 15
Right: 435
X Count: 10
Front: 15
Back/Rear: 435
Y Count: 10

Author: Added a table with these values

### Frame Printing

We have included two generated G-code files that are ready for use on the AON-M2 and AON-M2-2020.
They are intended for use with ABS and a 0.6 mm nozzle.
One G-code file is specific for printing with T0 (left toolhead) and the other is for use with T1 (right toolhead).

If you wish to modify the files, the original factory files for use with Simplify 3D have been included.
However, the specified settings have been tested and any modification may cause print defects.

Each print will yield 5 face shield frames. 

> Plan 112g of ABS filament and 2 hours of print time per print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plan 112g of ABS filament and just over 2 hours of print time per print.
```

### Frame Removal

> How to remove the part from the build platform. Proceed following the aformentioned [handling(#handling) guidelines. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to remove the part from the build platform. Proceed following the aformentioned [handling](#handling) guidelines. 
```
i think this needs the second square bracket?

> - Lower the bed and move the toolhead so you can access the parts easily. **The parts and machines might be hot!**

Reviewer: The gcode files and factory file should have a command in the ending script to move the tools to the back of the machine

Reviewer: the bed and chamber temps are also left on at the end for quick restart

Author: Don't you think leave the chamber on, opening the door and removing the part will cause thermal runaway issues?

Author: Anyway, I will raise an issue about this but for now I will include your instructions.

Use these probe bounds:

| Parameter  | Value |  
|:----------:|:-----:| 
| Left       | 15    | 
| Right      | 435   |
| X Count    | 10    |
| Front      | 15    |
| Back/Rear  | 435   |
| Y Count    | 10    |

### Frame Printing

We have included two generated G-code files that are ready for use on the AON-M2 and AON-M2-2020.
They are intended for use with ABS and a 0.6 mm nozzle.
One G-code file is specific for printing with T0 (left toolhead) and the other is for use with T1 (right toolhead).

If you wish to modify the files, the original factory files for use with Simplify 3D have been included.
However, the specified settings have been tested and any modification may cause print defects.

Each print will yield 5 face shield frames. 

Plan 112g of ABS filament and just over 2 hours of print time per print.

### Frame Removal

How to remove the part from the build platform. Proceed following the aformentioned [handling](#handling) guidelines. 

**The parts and machines are hot!**
- At the end of the print, the toolheads will move to the back of the machine for easy access to the printed frames.

> - The toolheads, the build platform and the chamber will remain heated to allow for a quick restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The build platform and the chamber will remain heated to allow for a quick restart.
```
